README.md, before:

# Security API

A Node.js Express application demonstrating security best practices including authentication, authorization, input validation, and secure configuration.

## Features

- Express framework
- MongoDB with Mongoose ODM
- JWT-based Authentication
- Password Hashing with bcrypt
- Input Validation with express-validator
- Security Headers with Helmet
- CORS configuration
- Environment variable management with dotenv
- Logging with Winston

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18+ recommended)
- npm or yarn
- MongoDB instance (local or cloud)

## Setup

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone <repository-url>
    cd security-api
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    # or
    yarn install
    ```

3.  **Set up environment variables:**
    - Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env`:
      ```bash
      cp .env.example .env
      ```
    - Update the variables in the `.env` file with your configuration (database connection string, JWT secret, port, etc.).

4.  **Start the server:**
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

5.  **Start in development mode (with hot-reloading using nodemon):**
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

## Project Structure

```
/src
  /api
    /v1
      /routes         # API routes (e.g., auth.routes.js, user.routes.js)
      /controllers    # Request handlers
      /services       # Business logic
      /middlewares    # Custom middleware (e.g., authentication, validation)
  /config           # Configuration files (e.g., database, environment)
  /models           # Mongoose models
  /utils            # Utility functions (e.g., logger, response handlers)
  /db               # Database connection setup
  app.js            # Express application setup (middleware, routes)
  server.js         # Server initialization (HTTP server start)
.env              # Environment variables (ignored by git)
.env.example      # Example environment variables
.gitignore        # Git ignore configuration
package.json      # Project dependencies and scripts
README.md         # Project documentation
```

## API Endpoints

(Add details about your API endpoints here once defined)

## Contributing

(Add contribution guidelines if applicable)

## License

(Specify project license, e.g., ISC, MIT)

Commit message:

feat: Replace PostgreSQL with Supabase

README.md, after:

# Security API

A Node.js Express application demonstrating security best practices including authentication, authorization, input validation, and secure configuration, using Supabase as the backend.

## Features

- Express framework
- Supabase for database and backend services
- JWT-based Authentication
- Password Hashing with bcrypt (if implementing custom auth)
- Input Validation with express-validator
- Security Headers with Helmet
- CORS configuration
- Environment variable management with dotenv
- Logging with Winston

## Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18+ recommended)
- npm or yarn
- A Supabase project (get URL and Anon Key from your Supabase project settings)

## Setup

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone <repository-url>
    cd security-api
    ```

2.  **Install dependencies:**
    ```bash
    npm install
    # or
    yarn install
    ```

3.  **Set up environment variables:**
    - Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env`:
      ```bash
      cp .env.example .env
      ```
    - Update the variables in the `.env` file:
        - `SUPABASE_URL`: Your Supabase project URL.
        - `SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`: Your Supabase project Anon key.
        - `JWT_SECRET`: A strong, random secret for signing JWTs (generate one, don't use the example value).
        - `PORT`: The port the server should listen on (default is 3000).
        - `NODE_ENV`: Set to `development` or `production`.
        - `LOG_LEVEL`: Logging level (e.g., `info`, `debug`).
        - `JWT_EXPIRES_IN`: Token expiration time (e.g., `1h`, `7d`).

4.  **Start the server:**
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

5.  **Start in development mode (with hot-reloading using nodemon):**
    ```bash
    npm run dev
    ```

## Project Structure

```
/src
  /api
    /v1
      /routes         # API routes (e.g., auth.routes.js, user.routes.js)
      /controllers    # Request handlers
      /services       # Business logic (interacts with Supabase)
      /middlewares    # Custom middleware (e.g., authentication, validation)
  /config           # Configuration files (e.g., environment loader)
  /models           # Placeholder for potential data access layer functions (using Supabase client)
  /utils            # Utility functions (e.g., logger, response handlers)
  /db               # Supabase client initialization
  app.js            # Express application setup (middleware, routes)
  server.js         # Server initialization (HTTP server start)
.env              # Environment variables (ignored by git)
.env.example      # Example environment variables
.gitignore        # Git ignore configuration
package.json      # Project dependencies and scripts
README.md         # Project documentation
```

## API Endpoints

(Add details about your API endpoints here once defined)

## Contributing

(Add contribution guidelines if applicable)

## License

(Specify project license, e.g., ISC, MIT)
